fix(curriculum): add review lessons for arrays in pyramid project (#54971)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-introductory-javascript-by-building-a-pyramid-generator/665076818092e53529c2364d.md

---
id: 665076818092e53529c2364d
title: Step 21
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-21
---

# --description--

> In the last few steps, you learned all about working with arrays. Now it is time to review what you have learned so you can apply this knowledge to the pyramid generator project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the last few steps, you learned all about working with arrays. Take a moment to review what you have learned.
```

In this step, you will need to do the following:

- Create a variable called `cities` and assign it an array of three strings: `"London"`, `"New York"`, `"Mumbai"`
- On a new line, log the entire array to the console
- On a new line, update the last element of the array to the string `"Mexico City"`

> - On a new line, log the entire array to the console

Reviewer: Start by declaring a `cities` variable and initializing it as an array of the strings `"London"`, `"New York"`, and `"Mumbai"`. Then log that variable to the console.

After logging, change the last element of `cities` to the string `"Mexico City"`, then log the `cities` variable again.

When done correctly, you should see this output in the console

```js
[ "London", "New York", "Mumbai" ]
[ "London", "New York", "Mexico City" ]
```

# --hints--

> You should use `let` to create a `cities` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `let` to declare a `cities` variable.
```

> You should use ```let``` to create a ```cities``` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `let` to create a `cities` variable.
```

Inline code should only use one backtick, not three. This will need to be corrected throughout your changes.

```js
assert.match(code, /let\s+cities/);

```

> You should assign an array of strings to the `cities` variable. The strings should be `"London"`, `"New York"`, `"Mumbai"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should assign an array of the strings `"London"`, `"New York"`, and `"Mumbai"` to the `cities` variable.
```

```js

> assert.match(code, /let\s+cities\s*=\s*\["London",\s*"New York",\s*"Mumbai"\]/);
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /let\s+cities\s*=\s*\[\s*("|'|`)London\1\s*,\s*("|'|`)New York\2\s*,\s*("|'|`)Mumbai\3\s*\]/);
```

Okay this is gonna be messy, but if we're using regex we need to allow valid code to pass.

```

You should use `console.log()` to log the entire `cities` array to the console.

```js
assert.match(code, /console\.log\(\s*cities\s*\)/);

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

You should update the last element of the `cities` array to the string `"Mexico City"`. Remember that you can access the last element of an array using `array[array.length - 1]`.

```js

> 
> assert.match(code, /cities\[cities\.length\s*-\s*1\]\s*=\s*"Mexico City"/);
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.deepEqual(cities, ["London", "New York", "Mexico City"]);
```

```

You should have two `console.log(cities)` statements in your code.

```js

> const logCount = (code.match(/console\.log\(cities\)/g) || []).length;
> assert.strictEqual(logCount, 2);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.lengthOf(code.match(/console\.log(\s*cities\s*\)/g, 2);
```
